And as my wife has decided to hand over the company, I will be renamed.
Wait, have some contracts.
I've organized for you to sign.
Future CEO, my dearest husband.
Sign the contract.
Can you say the last one again? The future was in my...
CEO.
Gwen is so lucky.
I wish I had such a great wife.
So new to the details.
What's the catch?
Darling, remember the photos?
Wouldn't dare mess around.
Ladies and gentlemen.
The deal is signed.
That I'm the richest man in the city.
Irene, I wanted divorce.
Now, after I just gave you the company.
Exactly.
Are you worthless?
Don't you love me?
Do you care about me at all?
Are you mad? I would have possibly loved a worthless imbecile like you.
Irene, this is the true face of your husband.
Admiral Entertainment will be renamed to Lylewood.
And I will be removing every shred of evidence to do with him.
Why not long do you do the assistant, will you?
Gwen is turning his back on her.
Irene must have been blinded.
Blinded madam?
The truth about this lady.
You're the birth!
Sleeping with her owner's sister.
Disgusting.
Vile, give this woman off the stage.